docs(gatsbt-theme-blog): add instructions on avatar image (#21987)
gatsbyjs/gatsby: packages/gatsby-theme-blog/README.md

   > Note that if you've changed the default `contentPath` in the configuration, you'll want to add your markdown files in the directory specified by that path.

> 4. Add image named avatar inside /assets to include a small image next to the post footer of every post page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Add an image with the file name `avatar` (can be jpg or png) inside the `/assets` directory to include a small image next to the footer on every post page.
```
